
What Is It: At Foodclub, the object of the game is to place bets on the pirate(s) that you think will win in an eating
 competition. You must be wise in your decisions, as there are many factors that need to be taken into account when
 placing your bet.

Who Is Competing: There are twenty pirates that compete in each round. Each round consists of five matches with four
 pirates each, which are held in one of the five arenas.

When Is It: The Foodclub matches are held once per day at the designated time. The upcoming match's start time can
 always be found along the top of the main Foodclub page.

Placing Bets: When placing a bet, you have the option to bet on single or multiple matches. Single matches are
 straight-forward. If your pirate wins the match, then you win your bet! In order to win on multiple matches, you must
  correctly choose the winning pirate for each match that you bet on. For example, if you were to place a multiple bet
   on the matches that are being held at Shipwreck and Lagoon, you must choose the winning pirate for both of those
    matches in order to win the bet. There are no partial winners for multiple match bets, but your winnings are much
     higher if you are successful!

Odds: Your winnings will be based on the odds for the pirate(s) you have chosen to win. The current odds are next to
 the pirate's name, although they may fluctuate throughout the day as other players are placing their bets.

Collecting Your Bets: To collect your winnings bets, simply go the the Collect Winnings page. REMEMBER: You must
 collect your winning bets within 7 days of the match, or your winnings may be forfeited!

Betting Strategies: When you are placing bets, you need to remember that there are many different things to take into
 consideration. If you are simply using their win/loss record, you are bound to lose a lot of NeoPoints. First thing to
  do is to take a look at each pirate in the match. You should do some comparisons between their strength(stamina) and
   their weights. Also, more importantly, look at the foods that could possibly be served for the match. If you place
    a bet on a strong pirate, but he happens to be allergic to many of the foods that could be served for his match,
     you are almost guaranteed to lose! To research the possible food courses for a match, simply click on the Next
      Round link and choose which match you want to look up.
